Allow multiple uploads in a single job (#801)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Allow multiple uploads in a single job as long as they have different categories. [#801](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/ç)

Reviewer: Not quite the pull number you were going for, I think :)
```suggestion
- The `upload-sarif` action now allows multiple uploads in a single job, as long as they have different categories. [#801](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/801)
```
